The Dorian Principle, a biblical response to the commercialization of Christianity by
Conley Owens, appendix A, further study.
I wrote this little book to be an accessible version of a thesis I wrote for a master of
Divinity Degree.
If this book is fascinated you and you would like to dive deeper, I would recommend
beginning with that thesis in consulting the bibliography.
Every topic featured in this book appears in the thesis with extended detail and argument.
Additionally, it covers some topics I have chosen not to address here.
For example, a thesis contains the following explorations.
A deeper analysis of first Corinthians and Paul's concern over matters of conscience.
A dedicated treatment of each of the four apparent discrepancies in Paul's financial
policy.
A presentation of the Jerusalem collection as an exemplary act of co-labor.
A biblical theology of co-labor.
An analysis of objections to pastoral salaries during the time of the Reformation and
the modern era.
An extended examination of the copyright issues surrounding biblical manuscripts, critical
editions, and translations.
The thesis may be found at the Dorian Principle.org.
of appendix A.